MINNEAPOLIS, MN-- Scientists worst fears were confirmed this Friday after the last of Minnesota’s supply of plates and cutlery were placed in a landfill. The process of throwing away reusable plates and silverware has been common practice in Minnesota ever since the items were first introduced at Southwest High School in September of last year. 
	Authorities first realized that the disappearing plates were part of an ongoing epidemic six months ago, but by this time it was likely too late for the government to do anything to stop it. Southwest students were throwing away an average of 1,000 plates and 2,000 pieces of silverware every day. “It was like a black hole. A new shipment of plates came in every Monday and by Friday they’d all be gone,” reported Louis Eaton, Southwest’s Chair of Lunch. “I mean granted, we did absolutely nothing to stop them, but you have to admit how impressive it is for these kids to create the utter destruction that they did in such a short amount of time. Seriously, props to them.”
	When local distributors supply of plates and silverware ran empty towards the end of last January, Southwest administrators began an elaborate series of heists to steal plates and silverware from surrounding schools, businesses, and homes. An estimated $36 million was displaced in the heists, and countless families are now suing the school for the destruction of their precious heirlooms and dining sets. 
In an exclusive interview this morning, Southwest student Marcus Peters told reporters, “At one point, towards the end of the school year, I remember drinking soup out of used urns. The kitchen would rinse out all the ashes of the dead people and then serve us up our lunch. Those were good days, cause when you threw those ones away they’d make this real loud shattering sound in the trash.” When asked the simple question of why, he responded, quite logically, “If we wanted to reuse the plates, we’d have to walk them all the way over like 30 yards to this one window. It was much easier for us to just throw them in the trash at the tables so we didn’t have to walk as far.” 
Initial meetings with officials from Iowa and Wisconsin regarding a program to import plates and forks back into the state has not had much initial success, as neither state is willing to do anything until Southwest is shut down for good. In the meantime, Minnesotans may just have to get used to making every meal finger-food. 
