Cancer
You might wake up this morning, look in the mirror, and decide that you hate what you see even though you probably look fine. Well it turns out you have cancer. Might as well go back to bed.
Leo
Sometimes all we need is a gentle reminder from a loved one. Don’t forget to subtly bring up all the things you hate about the people close to you so they can try to not be pieces of shit for once in their life.
Virgo
Although you’ve been feeling young and restless for quite some time now, it’s definitely not the move to get a tattoo. Instead, consider chopping of a finger or two to show everybody that you’ve got an indisputable “edge”.
Libra
Important communications regarding finances could come today, Libra, and it might be fortuitous if you follow up on them right away. Only Libra’s have balls big enough to buy 16,000 lbs of butter.
Scorpio
Sometimes a hobby can bring us the joy and satisfaction we’re missing from our normal lives. Consider Confederate soldier reenactment so you can finally answer the “what if” question you’ve been asking since sixth grade. 
Sagittarius
Today will be the last day you ever see someone disrespect you, thanks to a happy accident with a pair of scissors and an old Russian man. 
Capricorn
At some point during the day you might find yourself involved in a project that piques your interest far more than usual. And no, it’s not uncommon to have sexual fantasies about garden gnomes, no matter how the neighbors might look at you.
Aquarius
Today an event may happen to you with positive or negative affect. Either way, it means that soon you’ll accomplish your goal of mastering quinoa salads.
Pisces
Meet me at the cove today at exactly 11:43am. Bring a shovel, a can-do attitude, and nothing else that could ever be considered evidence. 
Aries
Your sensual side is likely to show itself today, Aries. You might find yourself viewing old folks in tight jeans more appreciatively than you usually do.
Taurus
When Future wrote the instant classic “Too Much Sauce”, he was talking about your “cultured” Mexican Chile, Sharron. It’s time to give up, the world simply isn’t ready.